# Formulate

Rails form builder with flexible markup and styles.

Formulate consists of a custom form builder, which builds on top of the default
form builder in Rails, and a Sass stylesheet to provide some level of stylistic
normalization.


## Haml Requirement

Formulate's `FormBuilder` relies on some helper methods provided by Haml, so
it will only work when used within Haml templates.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's `Gemfile`:

``` ruby
gem 'formulate'
```

If you want to use the Formulate's `#form_for` helper by default, an engine
is provided that will override Rails' helper:

``` ruby
gem 'formulate', require: 'formulate/engine'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install formulate


## Usage

Formulate provides a helper module that can be included in your Rails
controllers. You can also load the helper in your `ApplicationController` to
use it across your whole app.

``` ruby
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  helper Formulate::FormHelper
end
```

Formulate doesn't clobber any of the built-in form builder methods, so your
forms should continue to work without modification, giving you the ability to
selectively begin using Formulate in your applications where you see fit.

If you're using the engine, the form builder will be used automatically
whenever the `#form_for` helper is called, so you don't need to do anything
special to start using it.


## Styles

If you'd like to use Formulate's stylesheet, you'll need to import it into a
Sass file like `app/assets/stylesheets/forms.css.sass`:

``` sass
@import formulate
```

Formulate's styles are all scoped under the selector `form.formulate`, so they
shouldn't clobber anything in your own applications. Basically, this just loads
a stripped down version of [normalize.css] with only the parts relevant to
forms. It also specifies a handful of styles to improve the vertical rhythm of
the elements generated by the form builder.

[normalize.css]: http://git.io/normalize


## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request


## Copyright

Copyright © 2012 Tyler Hunt. See LICENSE for details.
