README.md, before:

# Formulate

Rails form builder with flexible markup and styles.

Formulate consists of a custom form builder, which replaces the default form
builder in Rails, and a Sass style sheet that can be customized with variables.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's `Gemfile`:

``` ruby
gem 'formulate'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install formulate


## Usage

The form builder will be used automatically, so you don't need to do anything.

If you'd like to use Formulate's style sheet, you'll need to include it in
a Sass file, like `app/assets/stylesheets/form.css.sass`, and add the following:

``` sass
@import formulate
```

Formulate's styles are all scoped under the selector
`form.formulate`, so it shouldn't clobber anything in your own applications.


### Customizing Styles

To customize the styles, you may set any of the variables used by the style
sheet before importing it:

``` sass
$input-focus-border-color: $blue
$submit-button-color: $blue

@import formulate
```

Take a look at the variables at the top of
`/vendor/assets/stylesheets/formulate.css.sass` to see what's available for
customization.

You can always override any of the styles after importing the Formulate style
sheet, too.


## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request


## Copyright

Copyright © 2012 Tyler Hunt. See LICENSE for details.

Commit message:

Overhaul the form styles.
Remove the theming styles and just include basic normalization instead.

README.md, after:

# Formulate

Rails form builder with flexible markup and styles.

Formulate consists of a custom form builder, which builds on top of the default
form builder in Rails, and a Sass stylesheet to provide some level of stylistic
normalization.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's `Gemfile`:

``` ruby
gem 'formulate'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install formulate


## Usage

The form builder will be used automatically whenever the `#form_for` helper is
called, so you don't need to do anything special to start using its methods. It
also doesn't clobber any of the built-in form builder methods, so your forms
should continue to work without modification, giving you the ability to
selectively begin using Formulate in your applications where you see fit.


## Styles

If you'd like to use Formulate's stylesheet, you'll need to import it into a
Sass file like `app/assets/stylesheets/forms.css.sass`:

``` sass
@import formulate
```

Formulate's styles are all scoped under the selector `form.formulate`, so they
shouldn't clobber anything in your own applications. Basically, this just loads
a stripped down version of [normalize.css] with only the parts relevant to
forms. It also specifies a handful of styles to improve the vertical rhythm of
the elements generated by the form builder.

[normalize.css]: http://git.io/normalize


## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request


## Copyright

Copyright © 2012 Tyler Hunt. See LICENSE for details.
